Las Vegas probably the number one
destination for bachelorette parties in
the world that's why we are the the
penis necklace capital of the planet
it's I have been a part of many bachelor
parties over the course of my life two
of my own but never a bachelorette party
so we did some digging and we got in
touch with a maid of honor from Texas
she was throwing her sister a
bachelorette party here in Vegas we
found out about it we convinced her to
let me and Guillermo take charge of it
so the bride was not in on this
the bride's friends didn't know where it
coming it was a real surprise and here
it is Guillermo and I guiding a batch of
bachelorettes
[Music]
something really fun it's going to
happen right now Val you're about to
have the greatest night of your life get
on the bus
hello ladies I'm Jimmy I'll be your
party guy tonight you can call me
captain Jim this is Guillermo - system
we have many events planned for you
tonight we answered prices actually we
could go to area 51
we could play paintball we could go to
the Hoover Dam
we could go to see menopause the musical
no dancing class
[Music]
[Applause]
Wow yeah a toast to you you're getting
married to Val everyone I'm gonna tell
you some is my first bachelorette party
so I'm excited me too yeah
do any of you have any stripping
experience okay not everyone said no so
Val how long have you known your fiance
eight years Wow how do you like his
mother I love her you do yes good for
you that's an understatement hydrated
tonight all right very important yes sir
let's go to the pole all right so let's
go ahead let's get started our first tip
is ladies you're always reaching nice
and high on the pole yes second tip is
your feet your toes are gonna step in
towards the base of your pole yes
working it around your
[Applause]
in what we call our alternating okay so
we're gonna go ahead just like it sounds
you're gonna kind of work this is I
guess I don't need the board for this
yes this is mystic Mona right here go
ahead and have a seat right next to her
okay so what I need to do is with your
left hand I want you to draw me five
cards just pull them straight out leave
them facedown okay how much are we
betting on this please do you wanna bet
on this oh these are beautiful cards are
they oh good major card major card major
card major card pokemon card okay okay
so here's the thing is I'm gonna go a
little bit into your past by saying that
you've been a little a lot of guys Oats
the way there might have been a few
toads but your guy is a total keeper
what does this blue guy mean see what
you can get out of this guy yeah okay
this is a card that says you're about to
get some sort of an epiphany or an idea
of a new business oh no that's not true
this is saying whatever you do for work
you are good enough to teach other
people how to teach people to get drunk
it worked
I'm gonna read everybody's tequila
leaves all right it's a mystic Mona be
careful as your legs at the post it's
time to go see naked men all right
ladies you ready to party
[Applause]
[Music]
our maiden waters
I believe in the artists thanks Alicia
Michelle is it true that everyone took
up their tops in the bus after we went
home I'm gonna feed the fish oh my god
her we miss everything fun Guillermo Oh
too late alright well congratulations on
whatever the hell happened there hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel and this is the Internet I
made it myself
hit subscribe if you like it